what I want to do today is show
you how I dry my fruit when I
have extra and then i'll show
you some other things that I
also like to dry
the thinner you slice the apples
faster they're going to dry if
you don't slice them thin enough
they'll take so long to dry that
they could spoil for the option
dry out
once i get to the core here I
just turn the apple and I just
start slicing the other side
drying is a really nice way to
preserve fruit you can dry a lot
of things
blueberries we dry raspberries
pairs mushrooms
we also dried herbs herbs and
flowers the flavor of dried
fruit is just it's amazing
because when you dry the fruit
it concentrates the flavor when
you want something sweet dried
apple is perfect
so now that i have these sliced
i'm going to lay them out on
this towel in the Sun drying in
a really sunny spot
I usually tend to just eat them
as a snack you know if I'm
wanting something sweet and i'm
hungry i might just grab a few
pieces as a snap
there's some dried apples
and just leave these here for a
few hours and then I'll turn the
Miller
as you can see they are kind of
crispy really good
so next time you have some fruit
on your counter that is about to
go bad
instead of throwing it away go
cut it up and put it in the Sun
and make yourself some dried
fruit snacks